Usage Term of 對話精靈

Thank you for using and experiencing 對話精靈, a chatbot service based on a language 
model developed by us, MediaTek Research in 2023. Following terms apply when you use 
and interact with 對話精靈 (“Services”). By using our Services, you agree to the 
following terms (“Terms”).

1. Authorized Uses.

  (i) Access and Use. We grant you a non-exclusive right to use the Services in accordance 
  with these Terms as set forth herein. You must be at least 13 years old to use the Services. 
  If you are under 18 you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission for doing so. 
  If you use the Services on behalf of another person or entity, you must have the authority 
  to accept the Terms on their behalf. You ensure you’ve provided accurate and complete 
  information for the registration for an account. You may not make your access credentials 
  or account available to others outside your organization, and you are responsible for all 
  activities that occur using your credentials.

  (ii) Input and Output. While using the Services, you may provide input to the Services, and 
  receive output generated by the Services based on your input. Subject to your compliance with 
  these Terms, we hereby assign to you all its right, title and interest in and to the output, 
  which means that you can use your own input and the output from the Services for any purpose, 
  including commercial purposes, provided that you comply with these Terms.


2. Prohibited Uses. You may not (i) use the Services in a way that infringes, misappropriates 
or violates any person’s rights; (ii) use any automated or programmatic method to extract data 
or output from the Services, including scraping, web harvesting, or web data extraction; 
(iii) reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate or otherwise attempt to discover 
the source code or underlying components of the model, its algorithms, and systems of the Services; 
(iv) engage in illegal or unethical activities by using the Services, which is strictly prohibited 
and goes against the principles of the Services we provide; (v) use the Services to generate 
content that is cruel to individuals, which constitutes a misuse of this Service. This includes, 
but is not limited to:
  * Generating any fake news, misinformation, or public announcement
  * Promoting hate speech, discrimination, or violence against individuals or groups
  * Impersonating individuals or organizations without their consent
  * Pretending the output from the Services was human-generated when it is not
  * Engaging in cyberbullying or harassment
  * Spreading defamatory content
  * Spamming or scamming
  * Sharing confidential or sensitive information without proper authorization
  * Creating automated bots for malicious purposes such as spreading malware, phishing scams, or spamming


3. Feedback. You hereby agree to provide us the feedback, such as any use experience, inputs, 
comments, ideas, proposals and suggestions for improvements of the model and grant us the right 
to use such Feedback without any restriction or compensation to you.


4. Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to certain personal 
data that we may collect from or about you (“Personal Data”) when you use our Services,

  (i) Types of Personal Data Collected.
    * Email address.
    * Organization and title (e.g., the name of the company you work for and your job title).
    * Log data which includes your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser 
      type and settings, the date and time of your request or visit, and how you interact with 
      our website.
    * Your usage activity track on our Service. We collect this category of data through Cookies. 
      A “Cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. 
      You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you 
      whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. 
      However, if You do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our Service. 
      Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service 
      may use Cookies.

  (ii) The purposes of processing Personal Data.
    * To provide, analyze and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
    * To improve our Services and conduct research.
    * To manage your account and your request (if any).
    * To communicate or contact with you.
    * To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events 
      which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You 
      have opted not to receive such information.
    * To conduct data analysis, identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns 
      and to evaluate and improve our Service and your experience of usage.

  (iii) Disclosure of Personal Data. In certain circumstances we may provide or share your Personal Data to third 
  parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law:
    * Business Transfers: If we are involved in strategic transactions, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, 
      or transition of service to another provider (collectively, a “Transaction”), your Personal Data and other 
      information may be disclosed in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the 
      Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.
    * Legal Requirements: We may share your Personal Data, including information about your interaction with our 
      Services, with government authorities, industry peers, or other third parties (i) if required to do so by 
      law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, 
      (ii) to protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) if we determine, in our sole discretion, that there 
      is a violation of our terms, policies, or the law; (iv) to detect or prevent fraud or other illegal activity; 
      (v) to protect the safety, security, and integrity of our products, employees, or users, or the public, or 
      (vi) to protect against legal liability.

  (iv) Your Rights. Depending on location, individuals in the EEA, the UK, and across the globe may have certain 
  statutory rights in relation to their Personal Data. For example, you may have the right to:
    * Access your Personal Data and information relating to how it is processed
    * Delete your Personal Data from our records
    * Transfer your Personal Data to a third party (right to data portability)
    * Restrict how we process your Personal Data
    * Withdraw your consent—where we rely on consent as the legal basis for processing at any time
    * Object to how we process your Personal Data
    * Lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority

  (v) Contact us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by email at info@mtkresearch.com


5. Disclaimer
  (i) THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS MAKE 
  NO WARRANTIES (EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, AND DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING 
  BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
  AND QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT OR THE 
  SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ANY CONTENT WILL BE SECURE OR NOT LOST OR ALTERED.

  (ii) Given the nature of machine learning the model is, use of the Services may sometime result in incorrect or irrelevant 
  answer that does not accurately reflect real people, places, or facts. We are NOT responsible for the accuracy of the output, 
  nor the output from such Services represent us or any of our affiliates. It is suggested that you should evaluate the accuracy 
  of any output as appropriate for your use case, including by using human review of the output.
